hey guys what's going on it's your
auntie and today I want to talk about
the air jordan 2016 spring line i love
it 2016 spring line ah it's matt classic
I'm like I'm like wait a minute what
what it's spring right now what year are
we in I was thinking I literally was
like oh I think they meant 2015 guys not
to that oh no we're talking a whole year
in advance baby I gotta suffer through
another winter yet we're already looking
at jordan retros for next spring anyways
the they've got a bunch of different
colorways concepts this is called the
alternate color way which obviously the
fours look great i love that that color
almost looks like a maroon tues look
nice the fives are okay if those were a
normal 5 i'd like them I don't like the
the low tops then we got the crap this
this has another name to its like the
dunk from above collection they're kind
of come out of these random names I'm
the only one out of these I like is the
fours almost looks like a Pacers for
which looks really cool wit with a gum
bottle for that gum bottom snap the the
blue leather that tongue looks really
nice however the one thing about these
that invite the back of my head I'm like
it they've got to be 200 retail late of
course they're going we're gonna go from
one ninety to two-hundred it has to
happen 204 jordan retros now so like
that's a sure I'm like yep beautiful i
really like it I just don't know if I'm
willing to pay 240 yet then we have the
legacy of believers call like a legacy
pack once again these names there's kind
of gimmicky however the 12s are frigging
sick I believe they have gold little
islets the twelves in the tubes are nice
it looks like there's a croc a cool kind
of croc print kind of on the back so
those 12 those those are our must I
think that's going to be that's an
instant salad and if those are hopefully
those are mass-produced because I think
those in the fours are definitely cop
worthy but like I said super selective
just knowing that the prices on these
are going to be you know bumped up you
know like I said it is
it's so far in advance and I'm like I'm
I'm I'm still thinking about like
Bordeaux sevens and knock wade's this
year in the Jordan Elevens and I'm still
just trying to play catch up i'm still
looking for chicago ones and you and I
want to get you and see ones and it's
just there's there's so much going on
good for jordan brand that they're able
to spew like that right let's roll out
next year's line let's uh let's hook
them in that you hooked you already
hooked me already because I see three
shoes that I'm already ready to bite
next year you know i'm not i'm not mad
at him for it though you know just once
again I've said it once and I'll say it
again you know still low jordan retros
it's just that's a lot of money and i
think we've gotten so used to dropping
big cash on sneakers that we look at 190
200 were like that's it's not bad we
love saying that that's up 19 he's not
bad i go come on it's awful wait you
know some I've said it once I'll set
again you know trying to be as selective
as possible still still love jordan
retros it just it's it's tough to pull
the trigger especially when I could I
could get like a sweet pair of us made
you know New Balances with amazing suede
and quality for like 115 so let me know
your thoughts tell me your top two
favorite to only for the spring 2016
collection please hit the thumbs up
button follow me on social media all the
links in the description I'll talk to
you guys tomorrow take care peace
Oh